`BlobServiceClient::UndeleteBlobContainer` doesn't support restoring a deleted container under a different name anymore. (#2263)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/storage/azure-storage-blobs/CHANGELOG.md

- `BlobLeaseClient::Change()` updates internal lease id.
- Removed `ContentType` from `GetBlockListResult`.
- Moved `GetPageRangesResult` to detail namespace.

> - `BlobServiceClient::UndeleteBlobContainer` doesn't support restoring a deleted container under a different name anymore.

Reviewer: This is driven primarily by the service-side behavioral change than the SDK, correct? Might be worth mentioning that.
```suggestion
- `BlobServiceClient::UndeleteBlobContainer` doesn't support restoring a deleted container under a different name because the Azure Blob Service doesn't support it.
```
